Adding AVD, ANTA, and CloudVision (#158)
networktocode/awesome-network-automation: README.md

- [PacketFront](https://pfsw.com/) - PacketFront BECS and BBE is a vendor-agnostic network, service and resource orchestration system for residential, enterprise and data center networks.

# Network Vendor Products

> - [Arista CloudVision](https://avd.arista.com/stable/index.html) is a modern, multi-domain management platform that leverages cloud networking principles to deliver a simplified NetOps experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Arista CloudVision](https://www.arista.com/en/products/eos/eos-cloudvision) - CloudVision is Arista’s modern, multi-domain management platform that leverages cloud networking principles to deliver a simplified NetOps experience.
```

- [SuzieQ Enterprise Edition](https://stardustsystems.net) - The enterprise edition of the [suzieq](#suzieq) open source project.

# Network Vendor Products

> - [Arista Validated Designs](https://avd.arista.com/stable/index.html) AVD is an extensible data model that defines Arista’s Unified Cloud Network architecture as “code”.

Reviewer: These do not fit with the rest in the list, the others are network vendor products, these are vendor libraries or something, but don't seem to fit here.

Author: AVD is a product within Arista, it even has its own SKU 😊, I will move them to another section somewhere. Thank you
